Old godzilla was hoppin' around
Tokyo city like a big playground
When suddenly Batman burst from the shade
And hit Godzilla with a bat grenade
Godzilla got pissed and began to attack
But didn't expect to be blocked by Shaq
Who proceeded to open up a can of Shaq-fu
When Aaron Carter came out of the blue
And he started beating up Shaquille 'o' Neal
Then they both got flattened by the batmobile
But before it could make it back to the batcave
Abraham Lincoln popped out of his grave
And took an AK-47 out from under his hat
And blew Batman away with a ratatattat
But he ran out of bullets and he ran away
because Optimus Prime came to save the day
This is the ultimate showdown
Of ultimate destiny
Good guys, bad guys, and explosions
as far as the eye can see
And only one will survive, I wonder who it will be?
This is the ultimate showdown
Of ultimate destiny
Godzilla took a bite out of Optimus Prime
Like Scruff McGruff took a bite out of crime
And then Shaq came back covered in a tire track
But Jackie Chan jumped out and landed on his back
And Batman was injured and trying to get steady
when Abraham Lincoln came back with a machete
But suddenly something caught his leg and he tripped
Indiana Jones took him out with his whip
Then saw Godzilla sneaking up from behind
And he reached for his gun which he just couldn't find
'Cause Batman stole it and he shot and he missed
And Jackie chan deflected it with his fist
Then he jumped in the air and did a somersault
But Abraham Lincoln tried to pole vault onto Optimus Prime
But they collided in the air
then they both got hit by a Care Bear stare
This is the ultimate showdown
Of ultimate destiny
Good guys, bad guys, and explosions
as far as the eye can see
And only one will survive, I wonder who it will be?
This is the ultimate showdown
Angel sang out in immaculate Chorus
Down from the heavens descended Chuck Norris
Who delivered a kick which could shatter bones
into the crotch
of Indiana Jones
Who fell over on the ground
Writhing in pain
as Batman changed back into Bruce Wayne
But Chuck saw through his clever disguise
And he crushed Batman's head in between his thighs
Then Gandalf the Grey and Gandalf the White
and Monty Python and the Holy Grails Black knight
And Benito Mussolini and the Blue Meanie
And Cowboy Curtis and Jambi the Genie
Robocop, The Terminator
Captain Kirk, and Darth Vader
Low-Pan, Superman
every single Power Ranger
Bill S. Preston, and Theodore Logan
Spock, The Rock, Doc Oct, and Hulk Hogan
All came out of nowhere lighting-fast
And they kicked Chuck Norris in his Cowboy ass
It was the bloodiest battle that the world ever saw
With civilians looking on in total awe
The fight raged on for a century
Many lives were claimed, but eventually
The champion stood, the rest saw their better
Mr.Rogers in a blood-stained sweater
This is the ultimate showdown
Of ultimate destiny
Good guys, bad guys, and explosions
As far as the eye can see
And only one will survive, I wonder who it will be?
This is the ultimate showdown
Of ultimate destiny